‎Bible prophecies build our faith.
‎At times, though,
we may find it challenging
‎to grasp them fully.
‎It’s true
that understanding Bible prophecy
‎requires humility,
hard work, and holy spirit.
‎But the rewards are worth the effort.
‎Consider, for example,
the vision that Ezekiel saw
‎of a temple located
on a lofty mountain.
‎Read with me,
please, the instructions
‎that Jehovah gave to the prophet,
‎recorded at Ezekiel 43:10:
‎“As for you, son of man,
‎“describe the temple
to the house of Israel,
‎“so that they will feel ashamed
because of their errors,
‎and they should study its plan.”
‎As you can see, the title of chapter 13,
‎“Describe the Temple,”
is drawn from that verse.
‎This chapter
will help clarify our understanding
‎of this prophecy.
‎During your study,
look for these key points:
‎What simple approach are we taking
‎in our discussion
of Ezekiel’s temple vision?
‎Why do we no longer say
‎that Ezekiel saw
the great spiritual temple
‎that the apostle Paul later explains?
‎For Ezekiel and his fellow exiles,
‎what was the overall prophetic message
‎of the temple vision?
‎Take time to meditate
‎on this prophetic vision.
‎As you do, ask yourself,
‎‘What does this teach me
about Jehovah’s personality?’
‎Thinking about this vision
will impress on us
‎the need to give Jehovah
undivided, pure worship.